feature/#416 documentation for core notification (#1047)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/userman/sdm/events/understanding-topics.md

> When registering to the Notifier, you can specify which events you want to receive by providing topics.
> 
> A topic is defined by the combination of an optional entity type, an optional
> entity id, an optional operation, and an optional attribute name. The purpose is
> to be as flexible as possible. For example, we can register to:
> 
> - All actions emitted by Core
> - All behaviors of scenarios
> - All actions related to a certain data node
> - All task creations
> - A specific data node update
> - A sequence submission
> - A scenario deletion
> - Job failures
> 
> Topic is defined when you call `Notifier.register()^` method with the following
> parameters:
> 
> - _**entity_type**_: If provided, the listener will be notified for all events related to this entity type. 
>     Otherwise, the listener will be notified for events related to all entity types. The possible entity type values
>     are defined in the `EventEntityType^` enum. The possible values are:
>     - CYCLE
>     - SCENARIO
>     - SEQUENCE
>     - TASK
>     - DATA_NODE
>     - JOB
>     - SUBMISSION
> 
> - _**entity_id**_: If provided, the listener will be notified for all events related to this entity.
>     Otherwise, the listener will be notified for events related to all entities.
> 
> - _**operation**_: If provided, the listener will be notified for all events related to this operation.
>     Otherwise, the listener will be notified for events related to all operations. The possible operation values are 
>     defined in the `EventOperation^` enum. The possible values are:
>     - CREATION
>     - UPDATE
>     - DELETION
>     - SUBMISSION
> 
> - _**attribute_name**_: If provided, the listener will be notified for all events related to this entity's attribute.
>     Otherwise, the listener will be notified for events related to all attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taipy exposes the `Notifier.register()^` method to register to events. The registration
result is passed to a consumer that processes the events. When you register,
you specify parameters that define the events you want to process. These parameters and the
registration mechanism allows you to tailor your event consumer to your application's precise
needs. For example, you can register to:

- All events emitted
- All operations related to scenarios
- All operations related to a specific data node
- All job creations
- A specific data node update
- A sequence submission
- A scenario deletion
- Job failures

To register for event notifications, use the `Notifier.register()` method. The following
parameters define the events you want to process, like a topic of interest:

1. `entity_type`
    - **Type**: `EventEntityType^` (Enum)
    - **Description**: Specifies the entity type for which you want to receive notifications.
        If omitted, the consumer will be called for events across all entity types. The
        possible entity types are:

        - `CYCLE`
        - `SCENARIO`
        - `SEQUENCE`
        - `TASK`
        - `DATA_NODE`
        - `JOB`
        - `SUBMISSION`

2. `entity_id`
    - **Type**: `str`
    - **Description**: Identifies the specific entity instance to register for. If omitted,
        the consumer will be called of events for all entities of the specified `entity_type`.

3. `operation`
   - **Type**: `EventOperation^` (Enum)
   - **Description**: Specifies the type of operation to monitor (e.g., `CREATION`, `UPDATE`,
       `DELETION`, `SUBMISSION`). If omitted, the consumer will be called for all operations
       performed on the specified `entity_type`.

4. `attribute_name`
   - **Type**: `str`
   - **Description**: Targets a specific attribute within an entity. This is
       particularly useful when you are interested in changes to a particular attribute,
       such as when an attribute's value is updated. If omitted, the consumer will be called
       for changes to all attributes.
```

!!! example

    ```python linenums="1"
    {%
    include-markdown "./code-example/register-specific-topic-to-notifier.py"
    comments=false
     %}

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```

To see complete and realistic examples, see the [examples](examples.md) page.

```
